[Music] We have
news from Marta on her
Twitch We have news from Marta on her
Twitch She has been speaking out
again regarding her YouTube channel and
what she was talking about yesterday about
YouTubers let's see I don't know what
you guys think I don't know if you're going to agree
with me but
I was watching some of my
colleagues' responses and some of them let's
see
some of them were freaking out a little no a
little disproportionate
some were a little disproportionate
me
[ __ ] it seems to me that I'm
sucking up to her or something not Marta
No I don't suck up to anyone you already
know but the
only thing that the girl said yesterday on
YouTube on YouTube not in her live was
that when she has a YouTube channel she's going to
respond
to some people
and she said the names of those she's going to
respond to I mean it's not a problem no
with three days a week the
bikini operation is not coming I train five days a
week it's that we are also entering
May May June May
June
you see May June and July yeah maybe
you'll take your vacation in
August  but
Marta didn't say anything out of this world yesterday, I mean, calm down guys
because she didn't say anything either, she was
arrogant, small channels, to me I didn't
see her treat anyone differently for being
bigger or smaller, no Javi,
the tone with which she spoke about them was
very ugly, always spreading [ __ ], let's
see, let's see, let's see,
I really and my friends are
precisely the youtubers, I
already know almost all of them, even in
person,
me and Antonio saw what I have
is cordiality, I said it today,
we wait Let's see, let's see,
they will have the right to 40 videos to respond
with one, it
's that when Antonio saw the
same thing happened, eh, I mean, with Antonio David,
exactly the same thing happened when I respond
to Enrique, everyone
how he spoke to Enrique But how could
you think of it? But why, but I don't know
how much and buy, let's see
if they make 20 videos for me, what's going on?
Because I'm famous, I can't
respond, or because I'm the journalist, I can't
respond because I'm, I mean,
let's see,
for me, for me, yesterday, she didn't say anything
out of this world
for the answers that I saw, I saw
some that  they took it like it was really
tremendous eh
I saw some who took it really
tremendously and it's like [ __ ] if you guys
got like that Simply because in the
live he said when I have my
channel and I start to monetize my channel I'm
going to dedicate a video to each one of you with
what I
think or with what I thought was wrong with
you without more what he said was that one
was unfair another that he didn't
like the videos and the caris that he
felt really bad about the parody where he
defecated or that he couldn't defecate that to get
angry that
to get angry you
can answer him and you can say
Hey well look at this I don't know anything
but that to get angry
my opinion
my opinion let's
see if you make a video about a person
that person can answer you I
ask eh
but each one has reacted as they
saw fit well let's see I
understand that it's part of the game and the show
but I give my opinion and my opinion is
what I do I'm going to wait for him to make the
videos and then you respond to the videos
okay it
was the faces and the tone that  employed Ah
okay I am I am
the best I am the
best I am the best
freak out But before when
someone doesn't likeyou man
when someone doesn't like you you
look for the excuse for everything it's the tone and
the face what tone and what face If that was what she
said I would have to be grateful
yeah Well of course
but let's see really it is that
but grateful why but
grateful why
Javi if he tells you half of what he
told your colleagues you wouldn't be
talking like that that's why
not many people have told me
more than half no to me they have told me
many people three times three times
I don't see it as bad
you're playing ball because you want to
have her on your channel Loli Yeah because my
channel won't be maintained well if she doesn't come
daughter you really have some ideas
many times that I don't know where you get them from
there
you have some ideas many times here but
yes you realize you
realize what you're telling me I'm telling you
I literally what she said Well
look, this bothered me,
this, this, that and when I come back I'm going
to make a video when I have my channel  I'm
going to make a video
and you're saying that well yes it
's true that it's not that big a deal but but
the faces she has I
mean, you can make 80
videos
and she can't have her opinion
as long as there's no disrespect that we'll have to
see the videos if the day I release
the video she goes over the top with any of them then I'll
tell you but personally what I
said yesterday didn't seem right to me
I personally see it so
yes churra rompe la Silla I'm crazy about
But before talking about this I
also want to tell you here about the big change
in my life By the way,
quite a few people, YouTubers who
were mentioned yesterday have written to me as well and I just
want to say that the things that I'm going to
tell about what
my channel is going to be about when I inaugurate it and when
everything, well I will tell you of
course to my Instagram followers and
my Twitch in case there are any doubts in
the air, I'm
going to dedicate myself absolutely to my
profession on YouTube just like I'm
doing everywhere that I give
glimpses of my life well I give
glimpses of my life because you know how
I am, I am spontaneous sometimes well I say
things I answer things  I agree with
Javi very well Razel very well but I know that
we'll see when I make the video
when I make the video for each one the
day it happens I'll be the first to
say it
the day it happens I'll be the first to
say it but what I saw yesterday was
that he said two shitty phrases that are
nothing Compared to making 50
videos for him but the same thing happened with Antonio David
eh I mean And look,
the youtubers are my friends and they're not
in Marta and Antonio vi they are people with
whom I have a cordial relationship if I have to
criticize him I criticize him if I have to agree with him I agree with him
if not no but with
Antonio David exactly the same thing happened he
makes a video for Enrique
a video for Enrique after
Enrique had 40 videos against him with his
girlfriend
giving him tra tra tra tra and that he had
gone too far that he was arrogant and that he was
a bully with the youtubers that he
thought he was because he was famous But well but
if he but if the youtubers have 50
videos against him
Javi if he told me  to me I wish I would
make sea too a video that
you'll see how I respond we've been here for a
week talking about Marta
we're 4000 thumbs up how many likes are we I
put up with her I do
n't like her but I
agree with Javi but if this is not about whether
you like her or dislike her
but if it's not that I'm talking about whether
you like her or dislike her I'm talking about
that yesterday he didn't say anything to the youtubers
yesterday he didn't say anything to the youtubers I
got on top and started straight before
the count and I thought he had
said Well I thought no that he had
made a suit for each one I
thought he had made a suit for each
one it turns out that what he said to one he
said that it was unfair
to another he said that he had gone too far in
his videos
and to another he said that it had
bothered him a lot and that
his parody was very unpleasant [ __ ]
that seems strong do you really
want me to pay attention to being
direct do you want me to pay attention to
being direct I'm
annoying man you're annoying me he didn't say anything pads he wasn't right Hahaha comb your hair because it was be careful with the combs the devil will carry them forget about that stuff because then they think we're messing with physicists it's crazy that's crazy No seriously don't make any references of
that type please no matter
how you say it's very intense
and no one can stand it but that's not what
we're talking about if that's not what we
're talking about if you
bring it here you're going to need 27
moderators she's
not going to come she's not going to come she's not going to come
If she's not going to come here she's not going to
come
Javi you're not right yes I'm right yes I'm right I'm
always right I'm always right it gets
you angry
but it's really tough what do you think
Hey look here today she's the one who
defends me sometimes
now we can't say comb your hair well do
n't say it because it seems that there are
people who don't understand the language
and obviously there are certain people
that I do want to answer because it
seems to me that they have said things that are really
ugly  and they are false and I think they also
deserve an answer from me
and that the visits come to their channel and
mine but on the other hand I am going to be in
my role as a journalist of course I am going
to do reports and I am going to do
everything that I consider I am good at
and what is my profession until I am
lucky enough to return to work
in television which of course I am
convinced will happen again and you will
be there to see them So that
is one of my changes there are ads
Well this
[Music]